### NAME
paratest - parametric test of program

### USAGE
       paratest [OPTIONS] -r PROGRAM [PROGRAM-OPTIONS]

### DESCRIPTION
Repeatedly run arbitrary program with different arguments. The sequence
of parameters supplied into arguments of program can be either linear or
exponentially-growing for logarithmic x-axis plots.

To allow full utilization of the CPU and cache, tested programs are
executed in sequence, not in parallel.  However, multiple adequately
configured paratests can be run in parallel to fully squeeze the
multi-core CPU, when the performance available to the tested program
is not important.

### OPTIONS
              -h  This help.
              -v  Extra verbose.
              -d  Debug output.
              -q  Query mode, only report what to run.
              -a  Include all individual tests results into log.
         -n NAME  Name of test, output file will be NAME.log.
         -k KEYS  Comma separated list of keys to log.
    -r PROG ARGS  Run program PROG with arguments ARGS.
            -f5d  Default numbers-format for logs (see KEYS).
   
          -p=STR  Parameter name (default A).
         -A1=NUM  Start.
         -A2=NUM  Stop.
          -s=NUM  Step, or log multiplayer, might use %.
          -n=NUM  Number of steps.
            -log  Logarithmic schedule (default linear).
         -dp=NUM  Decimal precision of A (default none).
         -bs=NUM  Next A only after surpassing this batch step (default none).
         -bS=NUM  Stop exactly on the batch steps (none). 
   
         -sl=NUM  Sleep time between runs, decimal seconds (default none).
         -eq=NUM  Number of concurrent equal runs.
    -rnd=NUM:NUM  Number of concurrent randomized runs and radius.
                  Radius can be relative to the A parameter if given as %.
       -jrn=PATH  Paths to journal files to use.
       -log=PATH  Paths to log files to use.

### PROGRAM OPTIONS
       Use the A letter to incorporate the tested parameter into
       program arguments, like: nntrain -n test-A -t 146-A-3

### KEYS
       The -k mcups:f2d,amae:maxmax,amae:maxavgmin specifies three columns to
       store: the mcups and twice the amae variables from logs and journals. 
       The keys are comma separated, and optionally after a colon every key can
       carry its specs.  They can specify formatting of stored variable or
       aggregation method.  The aggregation has three levels:
   
         level-1  in-file aggregation, for log-files generated by tested
                  programs,
         level-2  between-several-files aggregation, if more logs/journals
                  are specified,
         level-3  between-tests aggregation, if concurrent or randomized
                  runs were requested.
   
       The maxavgmin by its order specifies the max aggregation on level-1,
       the avg on level-2 and the min on level-3.  If no level-3 method is
       specified the level-2 will be reused.  The min is default for level-1.
       Available aggregation and formatting methods are:
   
             min  minimum, also as an alias l,
             max  maximum, also as an alias h,
             avg  average, also as an alias a,
             f5d  specifies max five decimal places to be stored,
             f5D  zero-padded exactly five decimal places.

### VERSION
paratest-0.1 (c) R.Jaksa 2019, GPLv3

